good afternoon dear fishermen given
I post the video as an answer to anyone
Stepan Stepan on his comment to
my previous video
making molds for pardon molds for
making silicone baits in
home conditions
there he wrote that my bait is
children's level there or something like that
First level
and the ideal of perfect manufacturing
silicone lures as he says it
man's or shura who showed here
they make such baits
when and we saw I have two
comrade we already say so far not
beginner fishermen are big lovers
ultralight microfuse nano g when we
We saw on the Internet that's the bait well
and similar there is not only grandma not only
dragonfly larvae there are all sorts
scuds and the like but most often
Of course in the pond at all probably
pond even the smallest puddles
the dragonfly larva is found and I considered
counted we counted actually
harmful to our consilium so to speak
felt that such a bait would be
most in demand in any reservoir and
we are at the very beginning of last season
discharged themselves despite the high cost
each of these lures at the time
was worth but almost a dollar for a dollar was
tailoring for 8 hryvnia, we bought 6
hryvnia for things so friends
I will inform you that none of us have this bait
three no bites for the whole season
I saw I admit that I could not pick up
right
wiring under this bait I could not
fall on the reservoirs but I could not
fall into the reservoirs where there would be
dragonfly larvae water but the fact is
from spring to the very
freezing up none of us saw either
one bite on this bait
the only thing
where did I go lost these
bait it on the cliffs on the hooks and with
each hook naturally that
breaks well such an expensive thing and
lose it but wear bait
which any child says
Stepan for us can cast at home
my home was fishing wonderfully
and when I did throw Tinky throw mud
these are the factory ones
the factory ones are the factory ones
factory lures which I am also on
One of the forums at the guys I heard Yeah well
let's say so the wali athlete professionals
you're out of the fisher so they remembered
youtube new bait I wrote it out
tried not to catch and it was higher
all praise because I direct then
and made myself such a mold so that
make yourself throw a draw
but in order to use different
colors since i got these colors
not the workers say so especially
there is no pink at all
works in everyone wants me here a
here are these bait
They caught not only sudachka and perch they
wonderfully caught and tank and crucian and even
sazanchik here and here these worms but
here are these little twigs me a little
embarrassed embarrassed than those that perch in
he cut me off a lot
that is too long thursday it
I need to shorten it I cut it off like this
and using and here on it I
really fishing so guys
I do not know maybe someone caught
please write in the comments
be some kind of specific wiring
need to hold this dwell bait
but we have not seen any of the three pokёvok
not this dragonfly larva
so do not offend me let's say this
no need to be unpacked by these
fishermen I do not understand and do not like these
people if something writes that please
give arguments
post your photo I have a friend when
I saw that I was catching grass on Russia
Tinku on homemade he made photo this
I can show the photo here and here are such
statements hurt me a little
that I apologize if someone offended too
my performance I do not want God forbid
offend man'sa or screw
they do awesome things very
beautiful and very believable but
guys each catches on what he has
It turns out therefore I do not need to bet
some deities do for me and gave
I do not to the exhibition is not for sale
I would like to fish here so to
season and and prepare myself
I will prepare to wish myself more
your bait and not going to buy
no grandmothers he and
I hope and hope that the beginning is saturated
Season at least that's enough for me I did
literally for three pennies I bought 3
ruble 3 ruble star from it I can
pour two or three dozen of these
worm here such
trout te on this he is not 6 hryvnia
this me a dollar and me this is more than
okay, I apologize if I was
too harsh with his statements
all the best friends